# How to Run This App

 - Pull a copy of this repository
 - Download and install Ruby if you don’t already have it [Windows installer](http://rubyinstaller.org/)
 - Download and install [Sencha Cmd 5.1.3](https://www.sencha.com/products/extjs/cmd-download/)
 - Run your command prompt with Ruby as Administrator, and navigate to the repo folder (Test)
 - Confirm you have Sencha Cmd installed properly by running the command: sencha
 - If that command runs successfully, still from the Test folder, run: sencha app watch
 - That command will start up a local server, navigate to localhost:1841 in a browser to view the application

## To create your own ExtJS 5 application
 - Download the [ExtJS 5 library](http://olex.openlogic.com/packages/extjs/5.1.0) (or [latest version](https://www.sencha.com/legal/gpl/))
 - Using Sencha Cmd, run: sencha -sdk path/to/ext/library.5.0.1 generate app MyApp path/to/where/you/want/it
 - Navigate to the application you just created, and run: sencha app build
 - Once the build completes, run: sencha app watch
 - View your default app at localhost:1841 in a browser
 - Use the Sencha Docs to help you expand your application

# ExtJS 5 Demo App

This folder is primarily a container for the top-level pieces of the application.
While you can remove some files and folders that this application does not use,
be sure to read below before deciding what can be deleted and what needs to be
kept in source control.

The following files are all needed to build and load the application.

 - `"app.json"` - The application descriptor which controls how the application is
   built and loaded.
 - `"app.js"` - The file that launches the application. This is primarily used to
   launch an instance of the `MyApp.Application` class.
 - `"index.html"` - The default web page for this application. This can be customized
   in `"app.json"`.
 - `"build.xml"` - The entry point for Sencha Cmd to access the generated build
   script. This file is a place where you can hook into these processes and tune
   them. See the comments in that file for more information.
 - `".sencha"` - This (typically hidden) folder contains the generated build scripts
   and configuration files for the application. This folder is required in order to
   build the application but its content should not need to be edited in most cases.
   The content of this folder is updated by "sencha app upgrade".

These files can be ignored from source control as they are regenerated by the build
process.

 - `"build"` - This folder contain the output of the build. The generated CSS file,
   consolidated resources and concatenated JavaScript file are all stored in this
   folder.
 - `"bootstrap.*"` - These files are generated by the build and watch commands to
   enable the application to load in "development mode".

# Other Folders

## Test/app

This folder contains the JavaScript files for the application.

## Test/resources

This folder contains static resources (typically an `"images"` folder as well).

## Test/overrides

This folder contains override classes. All overrides in this folder will be 
automatically included in application builds if the target class of the override
is loaded.

## Test/sass

This folder contains the styling for the application's views. See Test/sass/Readme.md
for details.
